My name is DEAN HERBERT and I am the CEO of ppy Pty Ltd.  Your site is
hosting content that is infringing on at least one copyright owned by
my company.

An article was copied onto your servers without permission. The
original SOURCE CODE, to which we own the exclusive copyrights, is
private and should NEVER be public in the first place.

The unauthorized and infringing copy can be found at:

https://a.pomfe.co/xwuusgr.zip
https://a.pomfe.co/yzqyrze.zip
https://a.pomfe.co/vzoplqz.zip  

This code was obtained illegally by hacking our systems and should not
be publicised under any circumstance. We are working with law
officials to take action against the prosecutor, and request that this
domain is made unavailable as soon as feasibly possible.

This letter is official notification under Section 512(c) of the
Digital Millennium Copyright Act (”DMCA”), and I seek the removal
of the aforementioned infringing material from your servers. I request
that you immediately notify the infringer of this notice and inform
them of their duty to remove the infringing material immediately, and
notify them to cease any further posting of infringing material to
your server in the future.

Please also be advised that law requires you, as a service provider,
to remove or disable access to the infringing materials upon receiving
this notice. Under US law a service provider, such as yourself, enjoys
immunity from a copyright lawsuit provided that you act with
deliberate speed to investigate and rectify ongoing copyright
infringement. If service providers do not investigate and remove or
disable the infringing material this immunity is lost. Therefore, in
order for you to remain immune from a copyright infringement action
you will need to investigate and ultimately remove or otherwise
disable the infringing material from your servers with all due speed
should the direct infringer, your client, not comply immediately.

I am providing this notice in good faith and with the reasonable
belief that rights my company owns are being infringed. Under penalty
of perjury I certify that the information contained in the
notification is both true and accurate, and I have the authority to
act on behalf of the owner of the copyright(s) involved.

Should you wish to discuss this with me please contact me directly.

Thank you.
/s/DEAN HERBERT

41 Gregory Street
Wembley, WA, Australia
6014
pe@ppy.sh