Dear Sirs,

UEFA CaseID-13592408

We write on behalf of UEFA who (i) owns and/or controls all rights for the UEFA Super Cup, UEFA Champions League, UEFA Europa League and UEFA European Qualifiers including broadcast rights and (ii) is the owner of the rights to the UEFA Super Cup, UEFA Champions League, UEFA Europa League and UEFA European Qualifiers copyrighted material.

We have noticed that your website https://pomfe.co/ is displaying UEFA audio visual content at the following URLs:

https://a.pomfe.co/ouxwy.mp4
https://a.pomfe.co/fbtury.mp4
https://a.pomfe.co/zbeuvm.mp4
https://a.pomfe.co/zdcwx.mp4

On behalf of UEFA as owner of the rights to the above copyrighted material at issue in this notice, we hereby state that we have a good faith belief that use/display of the above material in the manner complained of is not authorised by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

We wish to make you aware that your present use/display is an infringement of UEFA's rights.  

Please immediately cease all such infringements on any and all of your web sites and confirm to us via email that you have done so.  

Nothing in this letter is intended or shall be construed to constitute an express or implied waiver of any of UEFA's rights or remedies, all of which are expressly reserved.

We thank you for your cooperation.

[I, Patrick Bolster, as a representative of NetResult hereby digitally sign this e-mail message under penalty of perjury under the laws of the United States of America with the additional statement under penalty of perjury that the information in the notice is accurate.]

Yours faithfully,

 
Patrick Bolster

NetResult, part of Clarivate Analytics
160 Blackfriars Road,
London,
SE1 8EZ,
United Kingdom

Tel: +44 (0)20 7433 4432



-----------------------------------------------------------------

Please note, if this email has been sent to the wrong recipient, please 
accept our apologies, inform us of the error, and forward this e-mail 
immediately to the correct person or department for action.

This email and any attachments thereto may contain private, 
confidential, and privileged material for the sole use of the individual 
or entity to whom they are addressed. If you are not the intended 
recipient, be advised that you have received this email in error and 
that any use, dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying of this 
email is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in 
error, please immediately return this by e-mail and then delete it.

Although this email message has been scanned for the presence of 
computer viruses, the sender accepts no liability for any damage 
sustained as a result of a computer virus and it is the recipient's 
responsibility to ensure that this email is virus free.

-----------------------------------------------------------------

