Dear Sirs,

1. Miguel Lopes;

2. SPORT TV PORTUGAL, S.A., a Portuguese Company, with head offices in Edifício SPORT TV,
Alameda dos Oceanos - Lote 2.08.01 - 2º 1998-024 Lisboa, (hereinafter “SPORT TV”), owns worldwide exclusive exhibition and exploitation rights regarding all its television channels, SPORT TV 1, SPORT TV 2, SPORT TV 3, SPORT TV 4 and SPORT TV 5, being the owner of the correspondent copyrights.

SPORT TV is also the legitimate licensee of the rights to use, display, transmit, distribute and commerce the live and delayed images and sound of Football Matches played in the Portuguese Leagues and Portuguese Cup.

Our attention has been drawn to the fact that the URLs reported bellow display and make available to the public, without SPORT TV permission, broadcasted images owned by SPORT TV, regarding matches of the Portuguese League and/or Portuguese Cup, therefore violating our intellectual property rights and copyrights;

3. URLs of the infringing content:
https://a.pomfe.co/kjlsee.mp4
https://a.pomfe.co/fhlffj.mp4

4. Address: Parque das Nações - Edifício SPORT TV
Alameda dos Oceanos - Lote 2.08.01 - 2º 1998-024 Lisboa
Phone number: (351) 21 891 78 00
E-mail: copyright@sporttv.pt
Site: http://www.sporttv.pt

5. I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;

6. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Best regards,
Miguel Lopes

Copyright | SPORT TV Portugal, SA

Edifício SPORT TV
Rua Pedro e Inês, Lote 2.08.01
1998-024 Lisboa
T (351) 21 891 78 00
www.sporttv.pt
AVISO
Esta  mensagem  é  confidencial  e  dirigida  apenas à pessoa ou entidade a que se  dirige. 
Se recebeu esta comunicação por engano, por favor, informe de imediato o remetente e apague 
a mensagem e os ficheiros anexos sem os ler, copiar, gravar, distribuir, divulgar ou  fazer 
qualquer outro uso da informação. Lembre-se da sua Responsabilidade Social Ambiental  antes 
de decidir imprimir este e-mail. www.sporttv.pt 

DISCLAIMER
This message is strictly confidential and intended only for the individual or entity named. 
If  you  have  received  this  communication  by  mistake,  please  notify  the sender  and 
immediately  delete the message and the attached files without reading, copying, recording, 
distributing,  disseminating  or  making  any  other use of the information. Remember  your 
Environmental Responsibility before deciding to print this email. www.sporttv.pt 

